

1   What was the research about?
	The research is about Data Driven Decision-making as a tool in Agile Software Organization.
2   What was the main argument?
	Data Driven Decision-Making approach improves the success rate of software development projects
3   What are the research questions and objectives?
	Objectives: 
	i.
		to explore the lived experiences of software managers' use of DDD in agile software development productivity
	ii.
		to illustrate impediments to use DDD in software development organizaation.
	iii.
		to make recommendations for improving DDD use in software development organizations based on the findings from this research study and review of th literature.
	Research Questions
	i.
		What do software managers, project managers, and agile coaches in agile software environment think about the use of DDD to improve software development productivity?
	ii.
		How do software managers, project managers, and agile coaches in agile software environments currently use descriptive analytics, diagnostic analytics, and predictive analytics, or knowledge creation, retention, accumulation, and transfer to improve software development productivity?
	iii.
		How do software managers, project managers, and agile coaches in agile software environments think descriptive analytics, diagnostic analytics, prescriptive analytics and predictive analytics, or knowledge creation, retention, accumulation and transfer could be used to improve software development productivity?
	iv.	
		What obstacles do software managers, project managers, and agile coaches in agile software environments think their organization needs to overcome to improve software development productivity?
4   What were the areas covered in the literature review?
	Areas covered in the literature review are software, software development productivity, agile software, analytics, and knowledge management.
5   Comment on how the literature review was carried out.
6   Were there any conceptual model used? Explain the conceptual model.
	Yes, conceptual model was used as part of the research. The conceptual model focuses on process. Three key items that defines a process was explored; people, tools and procedure.
7   Explain any specific theory that was used as a basis for this research.
8   What was the methodology used for this research?
9   What were the research methods used?
	The research methods used is qualitative research. The author conduct a series of in-depth interviews. Interviewees include software managers, project managers and agile coaches. 
10  What was used to analyze the data?
11  What was concluded by this research?
12  What avenue did this research have for future research of the same area?
